Modify rule S4999,S5000: LaYC format (#2712)
SonarSource/rspec: shared_content/cfamily/trivially_copyable_types.adoc

Trivially copyable types include:

 * scalar types
 * trivially copyable classes
 * arrays of these types
// Ignoring cv-qualified versions of these types here for brevity.

A class is trivially copyable when:

 * all its non-static data members and base classes are trivially copyable types,
 * it has no virtual functions or base classes,
 * its destructor is trival,
 * and one or more of the following special member functions is trivial, and the rest are deleted: copy constructor, move constructor, copy assignment operator, and move assignment operator.

> _Note: a default implementation, either explicit (with `= default`) or implicit (if the special member function is omitted), is considered trivial._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Note: a default implementation is always considered trivial, both when it is explicit (with `= default`) or implicit (if the special member function is omitted)._
```
